Remove tf cloud provisioning (#137)
bcgov/cas-postgres: README.md

## Helm Charts

The [`helm/patroni`](helm/patroni) folder contains a fork of the patroni helm chart that was in the (now deprecated) helm charts incubator, and can be reused by other teams.
The [`helm/cas-postgres`](helm/cas-postgres) folder contains helm values used by the CAS team.

> > __In order to use WALG backups, you will need to pass in storage bucket names that have already been provisioned__. You can do this utilizing the [`terraform-job`](https://github.com/bcgov/cas-pipeline) chart from `cas-pipeline`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> __In order to use WALG backups, you will need to pass in storage bucket names and service accounts that have already been provisioned__. You can do this utilizing the [`terraform-bucket-provision`](https://github.com/bcgov/cas-pipeline) chart from `cas-pipeline`.
```
